Update dpg+rlc getStarted doc (#23848)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: documentation/RLC-quickstart.md

Getting Started - Generate the RLC rest-level client libraries with Cadl
========================================================================

# Before you start

Please refer to this [link](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#prerequisites) for the environment set up prerequisites in azure-sdk-for-js repository. We highly recommand to read [this blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sdk/azure-rest-libraries-for-javascript/) to get familiar with REST libraries for JavaScript. 

:warning: Note: if you’re still generating from Swagger with RLC, please read [this doc](./RLC-Swagger-quickstart.md) for Swagger specific details.

# Project folder and name convention

> We probably should get to know the project folder and name convention for RLC libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow the Azure SDK guidance and discuss with architects to decide the project folder and name convention for RLC libraries.
```

   The generated libraries should be the [azure-sdk-for-js](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js) repo, so fork and clone it in your local then the absolute path is called **${SDK_REPO_ROOT} folder**.

1. Project Folder Structure.  
   Normally, the folder structure would be something like `sdk/{servicename}/{servicename}-{modulename}-rest`. For example, we have `sdk/agrifood/agrifood-farming-rest` folder for Farmbeats account modules under {SDK_REPO_ROOT}. That folder will be your **${PROJECT_ROOT} folder**.  
1. Package Name Convention.  
   The package name for RLC is something like `@azure-rest/{servicename}-{modulename}`. For example, the package name for Farmbeats module is `@azure-rest/agrifood-farming`.

# How to generate RLC

We are working on to automatically generate everything right now, but currently we still need some manual work to get a releasable package. Here're the steps of how to get the package.

1. **Add typescript emitter dependency in package.json**  
   
   In Cadl project, modify `package.json` to add dependency for typescript emitter, then run `npm install` again to install `@azure-tools/cadl-typescript`.

   ```json
   "dependencies": {
     ...

>      "@azure-tools/cadl-typescript": "1.0.0-beta.3"

Reviewer: can we use @latest directly?

Author: I don't think using the @latest would be a good idea, because the reviewer would have no idea on which versions is used when generating the code.

But we add a note to update to the latest one:

```
NOTE It's always recommended to replace the version of emitter cadl-typescript with the latest version you can find in [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure-tools/cadl-typescript) in latest tag.
```

   },
   ```

   ---
   **NOTE**
    It's always recommended to replace the version of emitter cadl-typescript with the latest version you can find in [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure-tools/cadl-typescript) in latest tag.

   ---

1. **Configure typescript emitter in cadl-project.yaml**

    In Cadl project, modify (or create) `cadl-project.yaml` and configure the SDK generated, using the emitter options on `@azure-tools/cadl-typescript`
    
    ```yaml
    emitters:

>       "@azure-tools/cadl-typescript":

Reviewer: Is there any other options like output dir that service team need to configure?

Author: We have no output dir option but we do have some other options. We add a link to it : https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/tree/main/packages/cadl-typescript#emitter-options

Reviewer 2: For now, there is a propery `sdk-folder` (value must be absolute path) and the generated codes will be that path.

Getting Started - Generate the RLC rest-level client libraries with Cadl
========================================================================

# Before you start

Please refer to this [link](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#prerequisites) for the environment set up prerequisites in azure-sdk-for-js repository. We highly recommand to read [this blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sdk/azure-rest-libraries-for-javascript/) to get familiar with REST libraries for JavaScript. 

:warning: Note: if you’re still generating from Swagger with RLC, please read [this doc](./RLC-Swagger-quickstart.md) for Swagger specific details.

> # Project folder structure and name convention

Reviewer 3: Maybe add a word to remind the customer to skip this part if they already worked on RLC before. Also this is a common knowledge not sure if we should repeat it in both docs.

1. **Add typescript emitter dependency in package.json**  
   
   In Cadl project, modify `package.json` to add dependency for typescript emitter, then run `npm install` again to install `@azure-tools/cadl-typescript`.

   ```json
   "dependencies": {
     ...
     "@azure-tools/cadl-typescript": "1.0.0-beta.4"
   },
   ```

   ---
   **NOTE**

    It's always recommended to replace the version of emitter cadl-typescript with the latest version you can find in [npmjs.com](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure-tools/cadl-typescript) in latest tag.

   ---

1. **Configure typescript emitter in cadl-project.yaml**

    In Cadl project, modify (or create) `cadl-project.yaml` and configure the SDK generated, using the emitter options on `@azure-tools/cadl-typescript`
    
    ```yaml
    emitters:
      "@azure-tools/cadl-typescript":
        title: Farmbeats
        generateMetadata: true
        generateTest: true
        packageDetails:
          name: "@azure-rest/agrifood-farming"
          description: "Farmbeats Client"

>           version: "1.0.0-beta.1"

Reviewer 3: As the cadl are probably in rest api repo and the SDK should be in azure-sdk-for-js repo, I think we should mention sdk-folder option.

Author: The `azure-sdk-for-js` option by default is `true`, do you think we need to mention here?

I think this option is more for the testing purpose.

    About the `versionPolicyName`, if the library you are working on is for data-plane, then it should be `client`, if the library you are working on is for control plane, then it should be `mgmt`.  

    --- 

1. **Run command to generate the SDK**  

    We need to configure `--output-dir` to put generated code. The output dir contains two parts: the {SDK_REPO_ROOT} and {PROJECT_ROOT}.
    
    Assume **{SDK_REPO_ROOT}** is `D:/azure-sdk-for-js` and **{PROJECT_ROOT}** is `sdk/agrifood/agrifood-farming-rest` then we could run this command in **your local Cadl project** to generate the SDK: 

    ```shell
    cadl compile . --emit=@azure-tools/cadl-typescript --output-dir=D:/azure-sdk-for-js/sdk/agrifood/agrifood-farming-rest
    ```

>     After this finishes, you will see the generated code in `src` folder in your project root.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    After this finishes, you will see the generated code in `src` folder in your **{PROJECT_ROOT}**.  
```

    rushx pack
    ```

>     The generated code is not enough to release at once and you need to update it for better usage experience.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    The generated code is not good enough to release yet and you need to update it for better usage experience.
```

# Improve README.md document

> A minimal README.md is generated by typescript emitter and you could improve it with more meaningful information to let customers know more about your service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A minimal README.md is generated by TypeScript emitter and you could improve it with more meaningful information to let customers know more about your service.
```
maybe check the whole PR for word like typescript or javascript and change them into TypeScript or JavaScript

> # How to write test for RLC

Reviewer 3: Also feel like the remaining steps are common for all RLCs regardless where that RLC generated from.

In order to release it, we need to add some tests for it to make sure we are delivering high quality packages. But before we add the test, we need to add a `generateTest: true` make the codegen generate the necessary change in `package.json` and `tsconfig.json` so that test framework can work. Once the generation finished, you will see a `sampleTest.spec.ts` file in your `{PROJECT_ROOT}/test/public` folder, which only has an empty test and you may change them into test against your own services.

See the [Javascript Codegen Quick Start for Test](./Quickstart-on-how-to-write-tests.md) for information on how to write and run tests for the Javascript SDK.

1. **Prerequisites**  

    To record and playback the tests, [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) is required when we run the test, as the [test proxy server](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/tree/main/tools/test-proxy) is run in a container during testing. When running the tests, ensure the Docker daemon is running and you have permission to use it.

1. **Write the test**
    

>     You could follow [the link](./Test-quickstart.md#example-1-basic-rlc-test-interaction-and-recording-for-azure-data-plane-service) to write your test step by step.

Reviewer 3: link
